# Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Play SASA Health Limited and its affiliates (“SASA Health”) value the privacy of individuals who access our Site, Applications (WhatsApp and mobile application), and use our Services.

This Privacy Policy outlines the collection, use, and sharing of Personal Data by SASA Health. It specifies the types of Personal Data collected, the methods of collection employed by SASA Health, and details how you can exercise control over the use and sharing of your Personal Data. It informs you what information the Healthcare Providers or other members can see when you use our Site, Applications, and Services. It informs you of your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Data and how you can contact us should you have any questions or concerns.

SASA Health SITES, APPLICATIONS, AND SERVICES WILL BE COLLECTING AND TRANSMITTING PERSONAL, MEDICAL AND HEALTH-RELATED DATA ABOUT YOU. BY USING OUR SITE, APPLICATIONS AND SERVICES YOU GIVE CONSENT THAT WE CAN COLLECT AND USE YOUR PERSONAL AND OTHER DATA AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SITE, APPLICATIONS OR SERVICES. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT AT ANY TIME, PROVIDED THAT WE DO NOT HAVE ANOTHER LEGAL BASIS TO KEEP PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA.

Important Definitions
“Personal Data” in this Privacy Policy, means Data about you that is personally identifiable to you, such as your contact information (e.g., name, address, email address, or telephone number), your images, personally identifiable health or medical Data (“Health Data”), and any other non-public Data that is associated with such Data.
“De-Identified Data” , means Data that is neither used nor intended to be used to personally identify an individual.
Data We Receive or Collect from You
Registration Data: When you register or create an account, you provide us with certain information, which includes your email address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, image, and zip or postal code (the "Registration Data"), as well as a password for your account.
Payment Information: If you choose to use a fee-based Service, you will be requested to provide (at a minimum) your name and payment information including payment card information ("Payment Information"). A third-party service provider that handles payments for us will also receive your payment card information.
Data You Choose to Provide to Us: You have the ability to provide a variety of Data during your interactions with us and SASA Health Services, such as emails you may send us, information you respond to, and emails or newsletters that you sign up to receive. SASA Health or third parties acting on our behalf receive data from you whenever you provide us with Data.
Contact Data: If you choose to participate in research studies or sign up for certain features, you may provide us, and we may collect your contact Data, including your name, mailing address, and phone number ("Contact Data").
Feedback and Support. We love to hear from you. Whether you have an idea to make SASA Health better or need help, we store the emails you send us and use them to help us prioritize how to improve our product.
De-identified Data. We use de-identified data for research and development of new products or tools, to refine our algorithms and machine learning applications, and to improve the App and the services we provide. We may disclose such Data publicly and to third parties, for example, in public reports about health, to partners under agreement with us, or in benchmarking Data, we provide to the medical community.
Data We Receive from Third Parties
Virtual Consult Summaries: At the end of every virtual visit (meaning a consultation between a doctor and a patient through our Services using text chat and/or video), the Healthcare Professional will prepare a note about the virtual visit (the "Consult Summary"), which may include health Data such as symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment. These Consult Summaries will become part of your Profile. You are solely responsible for the disclosure of any personal Data to a Healthcare Professional of your choice.
Social Media Accounts: We may obtain Personal Data about you from third-party social media services, such as Facebook and Twitter, if you choose to link our Services with third party social media accounts ("Social Media Account") by either: (i) providing your Social Media Account login information to us through the Services; or (ii) allowing us to access your Social Media Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of the respective Social Media Account.
Data we collect via technology
Activity on the Sites and Applications: We may keep track of some of the actions you take on the Site and Applications, such as the content of searches you perform on the Site and Applications.
Access Device and Browser Data: When you access the Site and Applications from a computer or other device, we may collect anonymous Data from that device, such as your Internet protocol address, browser type, connection speed and access times (collectively, "Anonymous Data").
Cookies: We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies to make the Site and Services easier to use, to make our advertising better, and to protect both you and SASA Health. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept Cookies, you will not be able to stay logged in to the Sites. We may also use Pixels to make the Site and Services easier to use and to make our advertising better by, for example, summarizing usage patterns. We presently do not honour "Do Not Track" requests across all parts of our Site. “Do not track” is a browser setting that signals to websites and online services that the user does not want to be tracked for advertising or analytics purposes
Real Time Location: Certain features of the Site use GPS technology to collect real-time Data about the location of your device so that the Site can connect you to a Healthcare Professional who is licensed or authorized to provide Services in the area or jurisdiction where you are located. Your consent for accessing and utilizing real-time location data will be prompted by the Site. When accessing Google Maps services on our Site, you are agreeing to Google's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Mobile Services: We may collect non-personal Data from your mobile device or computer. This Data is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. Examples of Data that may be collected and used include how you use the application(s) and Data about the type of device or computer you use. In addition, in the event our application(s) crashes on your mobile device we will receive Data about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our application(s).
How We Use Data We Receive or Collect
Generally, we use the Data we collect for the following purposes

To operate, provide, maintain, improve and enhance our Site, Applications, a nd Services;
To understand and analyze how you use our Sites, Applications, or Services and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
To personalize your experience on our Sites, Applications, or Services, such as by providing tailored content. For example, we may use your email address to help you create, log into, and manage your account on our Sites, Applications, or Services. This lets us personalize your experience and give you relevant information. It also powers the features that help you better understand, engage with, and track your health and to present you with personalized, relevant information;
To enable you select a Healthcare Professional that suits your needs;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. We also may use the Data that we learn about you to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites. Where required under applicable law, we will only send you marketing communications with your consent;
To communicate with you via email, text messages, push notifications and phone calls, in order to provide you with updates and other information relating to our Services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
To facilitate transactions and payments;
To facilitate the connection of Social Media Accounts to our Services to provide information from Social Media Accounts to your Profile. Depending on the Social Media Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such Social Media Accounts, we will access, make available and store (if applicable and as permitted by the social media service and authorized by you) the Data in your Social Media Accounts so that it is available on and through your Profile on the Site, Applications, or Services;
For our business purposes, such as audits, for quality assurance purposes, to find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Use or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency;
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected; and
To aggregate or otherwise de-identify Data collected through the Services and use and disclose it for other business purposes after the data can no longer be reasonably linked
De-Identified Data

We may use de-identified Data without any restrictions.

Data You Share with Third Parties.
This Privacy Policy applies only to Data we collect through our Site, Applications, Services, and in email, text and other electronic communications set through or in connection with our Site and Application. This Policy DOES NOT apply to Data collected by any third party. When you click on links on the Site you may leave our Site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, and we encourage you to read their privacy statements.
How we share the Personal Data we collect
SASA Health may share or otherwise disclose Personal Data in the circumstances described below.

SASA Health Employees, Agents or other Parties Working on Behalf of SASA Health: Employees, agents, or other parties working on behalf of SASA Health shall collect your personal data only to the extent required for the performance of their job duties and only in accordance with this policy. Employees, agents, or other parties working on behalf of SASA Health shall process your personal data only when the performance of their duties requires it.

Affiliates: We may disclose Personal Data to our affiliates or partners to provide the Services, to execute contracts or for other purposes for which the Data was collected.
Healthcare Providers. We may share Personal Data with Healthcare Providers such as doctors, specialists, clinics, hospitals, laboratories, and pharmacies in order to facilitate your treatment and care. Like an in-person patient-doctor interaction, SASA Health virtual consults are confidential, but not anonymous. When using SASA Health Site, Applications, or Services, your profile information, such as your name and health Data, are visible to the Healthcare Providers with whom you see or chat in a virtual visit. By initiating a virtual consult, you consent to sharing your name and the health Data in your profile with Healthcare Providers who you consult with. When you book home or in-person consultations through the Site or Applications, we may share your Personal Data with the Healthcare Providers who will provide the home or in-person consultation. The sharing of Personal Data will be limited to the specific data required for the purpose of delivering the Services
Vendors and Service Providers: We may share Personal Data we receive with vendors and service providers such as couriers, website developers, IT-related service providers and other trusted third party service providers with whom we have an agreement for the protection of your information.. The sharing of Personal Data will be limited to the specific data required for the purpose of delivering the services that the vendor or service provider provides.
Analytics Partners: We may make certain Personal Data available to third parties for analytics purposes, including: (a) for SASA Health business or marketing purposes, or (b) to leverage third party tools to understand users' interests, habits, and usage patterns, and/or functionality available through our Services. We only share your Personal Data with analytics partners to improve our own Services and/or to deliver healthcare to you. We do not sell your Personal Data to advertisers.
As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures: We may access, preserve, and disclose Personal Data if we believe doing so is required or appropriate, in our sole discretion, to: (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental requests, such as a court order or summons, or otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or governmental agencies; (b) take precautions against liability; (c) protect your, our, or others' rights, property, or safety; (d) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; and (e) protect the security or integrity of our Services and any facilities or equipment used to make our Services available. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of Personal Data may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
Social Media Services: Our Sites, Applications or Services may allow you to, upon your direction, share Personal Data with certain social media services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google Plus. Please consider any impact on your privacy and anonymity when posting content to any and all social media services. You understand and agree that the use of Personal Data by any social media services will be governed by the respective privacy policies of those social media services and your settings on their platforms. We encourage you to review their privacy policies. Prior to sharing of Personal Data with Social Media Services, we will explicitly request your permission through opt-in mechanisms. These mechanisms will ensure you are fully informed about the potential implications of sharing your personal data with third-party platforms
Marketing: We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Data about you with non-affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
Mergers, Sales, or Other Asset Transfers: We may disclose and otherwise transfer Personal Data to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
International Transfers
SASA Health operates across Africa and has subsidiary companies that you may engage with. We may share, transfer or subcontract the processing of your information with our partners and within the SASA Health corporate group (or vice versa) or to service providers in countries other than your country of residence in accordance with applicable law. Such third parties may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of our products and services to you, the processing of transactions and/or the provision of support services. In providing us with your information, you acknowledge and agree to any such transfer, storage or use. Where we provide your information to third party information processors, we take appropriate measures to ensure such companies protect your information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in accordance data protection laws to govern the legal transfers of such data.
Security and Data Integrity
Data Security: SASA Health makes commercially reasonable efforts to protect Personal Data about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to protect the integrity and security of the Personal Data we maintain. We take commercially reasonable precautions, considering the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Data, designed to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Data Integrity: We use the Data we collect in ways that are relevant and compatible with the purpose for which that Data was collected or provided to us as disclosed in this policy. We will take steps to ensure that all Data collected, processed, and/or stored is protected from destruction, corruption, or use in a manner inconsistent with our policies or the purpose for which we received it. Whilst we take appropriate measures to safeguard your Personal Data, no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed to be secure.
Our Policy Concerning Children
SASA Health prohibits registration by and does not knowingly collect personal Data from anyone under the age of 18 years or under the age of consent in your jurisdiction (“Minimum Age”). Data relating to a child under the minimum Age shall only be collected using an account set up and managed by an adult parent or guardian. In the event we come to the knowledge that we have collected Data from a child under the Minimum Age, we will take all measures necessary to remove such Data from our servers. If you believe that we might have any personal Data from a child under the Minimum Age, please contact our oemmon@yahoo.com team.

Data Retention
We take measures to ensure that your Personal Data is retained only for the duration necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is mandated or permitted by law. When determining the retention period, we consider various factors, such as the type of Services provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, the potential impact on our Services if we delete some Personal Data from or about you, and mandatory retention periods stipulated by law and the relevant statute of limitations.

Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Sharing Preferences. In compliance with the law, we provide you with settings to allow you to set your sharing preferences and exercise your rights for content you post to our Services.
Optional Profile Information: You can add, edit, or delete optional Personal Information appearing in your Profile at any time in your account settings under edit profile link.
Required Account Information: Certain Personal Information is required for account functionality and can be edited but not deleted. For example, you can edit, but not remove, the email address and password required for login.
Health Records: You can amend your health information and can add information to your Consult Summaries to make your information more accurate or complete. Accordingly, if you would like to request access to, or to limit the use or disclosure of Personal Data, please contact us at oemmon@yahoo.com.
Public Content: You can request the removal of Public Content by contacting our support team at oemmon@yahoo.com.
Marketing Communications: You can unsubscribe from our marketing communications, such as announcements of new features or special offers, via the link provided in the promotional emails. SASA Health will never share your email address or other contact Data to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your explicit permission. Even if you opt out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
Notifications: We will ask you if you want to receive notifications when you open an account with us. If you agree, we may send you email, SMS, or mobile push notices, providing you with account-related reminders or updates, or letting you know that you have a message on our Services. You may opt out at any time by adjusting your notification settings in the settings page.
Do Not Track: There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such signals.
Deactivating Your Account: You may deactivate your account at any time. To do this, sign in, go to the settings page, and choose the deactivate your account option. Your public questions that have received answers will continue to appear anonymously on our Services even if you deactivate your account. Following account deactivation, your Personal Data will be retained for as long as may be reasonably necessary to satisfy the purpose for which is processed.
The rights the law gives you in respect of the Personal Data we hold about you include:
• RIGHT OF ACCESS – You have the right to request a copy of the Data that we hold about you. We will respond to your access request not later than one month after receiving your request, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Where we are not able to provide this personal data to you within the one- month timeline provided by law, we will communicate the same to you, and may request an additional time within which we will provide the information to you. Your Personal Data shall be provided to you in a structured, commonly used and machine- readable format.
• RIGHT TO RECTIFY – You have the right to correct the Personal Data we hold about you that is inaccurate.
• RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN – In certain circumstances you may ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our record.
• RIGHT TO RESTRICT PROCESSING – Where certain conditions apply, you have a right to restrict processing of your Personal Data.
• RIGHT TO PORTABILITY – You have the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another organization.
• LODGE COMPLAINT – You have a right to lodge a complaint about the handling of your Personal Data with the relevant regulators in the jurisdiction where SASA Health operates.
• RIGHT TO OBJECT – You have the right to object to the Processing of Personal Data.


Please note that If you wish to exercise your rights over data protection, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at oemmon@yahoo.com or you may write to us at P.O.BOX 556-00502, Ngong Road, Karen, Nairobi.
Breach/ Privacy Violation
In the event of a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to Personal Data, SASA Health shall report or lodge the details of the breach to the Regulator in charge in the country where such breach occurs within the lawfully prescribed timeframe.

Furthermore, where we ascertain that such breach is detrimental to your rights and freedoms in relation to your Personal Data, we shall within the lawfully prescribed timeframe take steps to inform you of the breach incident, the risk to your rights and freedoms resulting from such breach and any course of action to remedy said breach.

Changes to this Policy
We will continue to evaluate this policy against new technologies, business practices, changes in law, and our users’ needs, and may make changes to the policy accordingly. Please check this page periodically for updates. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will post the updated terms of the policy on the Site, Applications or Services. Please check this Privacy Policy again on your next visit for any recent material changes. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be published on our website with an updated ‘Effective Date’.

If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account. Continued use of the Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

Governance
Enforcement: SASA Health will conduct compliance audits of our relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this policy. Further, we will conduct follow-up investigations to verify that attestations and assertions regarding our privacy practices are accurate. You may inquire about an inaccuracy or make a complaint about a potential violation to us via the contact information provided below. We do engage in training to support the implementation and compliance with our privacy practices; any employee that we determine is in violation of this policy may be subject to disciplinary action.
Dispute Resolution: Questions or concerns regarding our use or disclosure of Data may be directed to our oemmon@yahoo.com team. SASA Health will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Data in accordance with the principles contained in this policy. Any dispute regarding this Policy shall be resolved following the dispute resolution mechanisms outlined in our Terms of Use. .
Support and Feedback
If you have any questions or would like further clarification about the Sites or Services, please contact us at oemmon@yahoo.com. We love to hear from you. If you have an idea that can make SASA Health better, any feedback concerning our services, contact us at oemmon@yahoo.com.
